Update command job name and example usage regarding current state in order-management-system-multi-thread.md (#1311)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/scos/dev/back-end-development/data-manipulation/datapayload-conversion/state-machine/order-management-system-multi-thread.md

---

Order management system (OMS) heavily relies on state machine-related concepts like [event timeouts](/docs/scos/dev/best-practices/state-machine-cookbook/state-machine-cookbook-state-machine-fundamentals.html#timeout) and [conditions](/docs/scos/dev/best-practices/state-machine-cookbook/state-machine-cookbook-state-machine-fundamentals.html#conditions). When an order is managed, a lot of the timeout and condition entities are processed. The following two console command do the processsing of timeouts and conditions in Spryker:

* `oms:check-timeout`
* `oms:check-condition`

Out of the box, both of these commands process their respective entities sequentially. Each of them grabs and processes all the available entities one by one. Both commands support the `limit` option and thus can do the processing in batches. But still, all the work is done synchronously. Because of this, order management could become a bottleneck for shops with lots of orders being placed and managed. The OMS multi-thread improves this by introducing the ability to process both timeouts and conditions in parallel.

## How OMS multi-thread works

> Each order is assigned a randomly generated positive number called a *processor identifier*. This number is saved in the `spy_sales_order` table. During the order management processing, both commands mentioned above are triggered with the new command option `processor-identifier` (`p`). The value of this option must match a processor identifier from `spy_sales_table`. Then the commands process only those timeouts and conditions that are related to the orders with the matching processor identifier. This way, one can, for example, trigger the `oms:check-timeout` command several times simultaneously, each time providing different processor identifiers, thus creating several PHP processes for managing a large number of orders in parallel. With the new option in place, the command looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each order is assigned a randomly generated positive number called a *processor identifier*. This number is saved in the `spy_sales_order` table. During the order management processing, both preceding commands are triggered with the new command option `processor-identifier` (`p`). The value of this option must match a processor identifier from `spy_sales_table`. Then the commands process only those timeouts and conditions that are related to the orders with the matching processor identifier. This way, one can, for example, trigger the `oms:check-timeout` command several times simultaneously, each time providing different processor identifiers, thus creating several PHP processes for managing a large number of orders in parallel. With the new option in place, the command looks like this:
```

```bash
console oms:check-timeout -p 5 -l 10000
```
Instead of providing a single value as the `processor-identifier` option value, one can provide several values separated by a comma.

```bash
console oms:check-timeout -p 1,2,3 -l 10000
```
{% info_block warningBox %}

If you have a large database, for performance reasons, it is not recommended to specify several comma-separated processor identifiers.

> You need to use store name by "-s" option or limit by "-l" option to have applied "-p" option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To have the `-p` option applied, you need to use store the name by the `-s` option or limit by `-l`.
```
